What kind of a father would I be if I said no?

She also liked to shut up! Who am I making this out to? Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head. OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. And until then, I can never die? Yeah, lots of people did.

Okay, I like a challenge. Then we'll go with that data file! Belligerent and numerous. Pansy. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.
Actually, that's still true.

I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… It doesn't look so shiny to me. Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused.

    I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later.
    What kind of a father would I be if I said no?
    THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!

You won't have time for sleeping, soldier, not with all the bed making you'll be doing.

I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells.

    I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?
    Negative, bossy meat creature!
    Oh, I think we should just stay friends.

Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?

When I was first asked to make a film about my nephew, Hubert Farnsworth, I thought "Why should I?" Then later, Leela made the film. But if I did make it, you can bet there would have been more topless women on motorcycles. Roll film! Hello Morbo, how's the family?

Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food.

Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain. File not found. Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars.

Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans! Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew.

But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? …To shreds, you say. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it.

I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. Okay, I like a challenge. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. Fry! Stay back! He's too powerful!

That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. Yes. You gave me a dollar and some candy. Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?

Switzerland is small and neutral! We are more like Germany, ambitious and misunderstood! You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor.

Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." Yes! In your face, Gandhi! Of all the friends I've had… you're the first.

So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat. When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.